(strong music)
- Once I began to understand
protein requirements
for muscle protein synthesis,
for building muscle,
I quickly realized that
we need a lot more protein
than most people are getting.
It's basically a gram
per pound of body weight.
Steak, for example, is 38% usable.
Whey protein is 18% usable,
so most of whey protein you're taking in
is not usable by the body.
When I created Fortagen,
the objective was the
most efficient protein.
It's 100% essential amino acids.
It's base was from a cancer treatment,
so it was the most efficient protein,
the smallest amount of
material to be digested
to have the highest protein
value for cellular repair.
All we did was we took
that cancer treatment
and then adjusted some of the ratios
so that instead of looking
at repair of damaged cells
from chemotherapy and radiation,
what we're doing is giving the body
what it needs for the maximum amount
of muscle protein synthesis.
It's very efficient
and will drive you towards
your muscle building goal.